Hey, all, I quickly wanted to recap something, so in the previous video, we saw a lot of information,
a lot, a lot, a lot of information.
And so with that, we set ourselves up for success.
We set up our environment.
Now, one thing I want to make sure that is crystal clear is that because we have the Expo app over
here and our snack is now connected to our account in our recently opened projects, will always be
able to find our focus time again.
And since we've opened it up over here in a couple of seconds, it's going to show up.
And recently in development, it takes some time to sink sometimes.
So if you have a snack open that is linked to your account, you can rest assured that you're always
going to find it over here.
Worst case, you can just open it in the recently opened, but it's over here.
And if we click that one where you're going to see over here is that in connected devices, it's going
to show us that my phone is connected.
So most iPhone is connected.
And with that, I can now determine if I want it to update as I type.
So continuously send updates or I can determine when it will update and I can even reload the app forcefully.
So if I say update now you can see it goes to Hello World.
We can now also toggle our preview on and off to have more space to code.
And with all of that information, I just quickly wanted to summarize and recap that we have the ability
to just code from our browser and send it directly to our phone.
No setup required at all.
No hard packages to install.
Just quickly from the browser, straight to the phone, test things out.
It's so easy to scaffold and bootstrap and just play around with things.
Now, of course, don't go building any hard core apps in a Web browser with millions and millions of
lines of code.
You're going to hit performance lag.
But for our initial focus time app, we're going to hit the ground running and we're going to build
it.